OpenClaw Plus Gemini Embedding 2 is
insane and I'm about to show you why.
Today I'm going to show you a brand new
AI combo that nobody is talking about
yet. It lets you build AI agents that
remember everything, text, images,
videos, even audio allin-one system.
This is the easiest way to build smart
AI assistants right now. And by the end
of this video, you're going to know
exactly how to use it. So, let me break
this down real simple. First, what is
OpenClaw? OpenClaw is an open-source AI
agent platform. Think of it like a brain
for your AI. You can run it on your own
computer or on a server. It lets you
build agents that do stuff for you.
Research, write code, run tools, manage
workflows, talk to apps, all on
autopilot. Here's what makes it wild. It
works with all the big AI models, GPT,
Claude, Gemini, open source models, too.
And it routes tasks between them
automatically, so your agent picks the
best model for each job. But wait, it
gets better. OpenClaw plugs into apps
like Discord, Telegram, Slack, and
WhatsApp. So, your AI agent lives inside
real conversations. It's not stuck in
some random dashboard nobody checks.
It's right where you and your team
already talk. Hey, if we haven't met
already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every single
comment. So, make sure you drop a
comment below and let us know what you
think about this. Now, here's why
everyone is losing their minds over
this. OpenClaw just hit over 200,000
stars on GitHub in about a month. That
is insane growth for an AI tool. People
are paying attention and you should,
too. The latest update added native
support for Google's Gemini 3.1 Pro
model. No manual setup. It's just built
in. They also added better security,
safer command execution, browser
protection, identity isolation, so it's
way safer to run automations now. And
they upgraded the sub agent system.
Agents can now spawn other agents, run
tasks in threads, keep track of
conversations. This is multi-step
automation at a whole new level. Okay,
so that's openclaw. Now, let me show you
the other half of this combo. And this
is where it gets really exciting. Gemini
embedding 2 made by Google Deep Mind.
And it is a gamecher. You're like, "Let
me explain what embeddings are in the
simplest way possible." Embeddings turn
information into numbers. Those numbers
let AI compare meaning, not just
keywords, meaning. So, if you search for
AI automation tools, the system doesn't
just look for those exact words. It
finds stuff about agents and workflows
and task automation, even if those words
never show up, it understands what you
actually mean. Now, most embedding
systems only work with text. That's it,
just words. Gemini embedding 2 is
different. It can embed text, images,
videos, audio, and documents all into
one shared space. This is the first
fully multimodal embedding model in the
Gemini ecosystem. That's a big deal. Let
me give you a real example. Say you run
a community like the AI profit
boardroom. You've got hundreds of
training videos, PDFs, voice notes from
coaching calls, screenshots of results,
chat logs from members. With Gemini
embedding too, you can search all of
that at once. Type in how to set up an
AI automation workflow and it pulls up
the right video clip, the right PDF, the
right voice note, all from one search,
no tagging, no folders, just meaning it
handles up to 8,192 tokens of text, up
to six images at once, 120 seconds of
video, native audio support, PDF
support, over 100 languages. This is not
a small upgrade. This is a whole new way
to search and organize knowledge. Now,
here's where it gets really powerful.
When you combine OpenClaw with Gemini
embedding 2, think of it like this. Open
Claw is the brain. Gemini embedding 2 is
the memory. Together, they create AI
agents that actually remember things.
Here's how it works. You ask the agent a
question. The agent uses Gemini
Embedding 2 to search a vector database.
It finds the most relevant memory. Then
it uses that memory to complete the
task. Simple as that. And if you want to
rank number one and get more customers,
join the SEO Elite Circle. That's where
we actually teach you how this works. No
theory, no recycled tips, just the exact
AI SEO systems we're using right now. We
break everything down step by step with
real workflows, weekly live support, and
clear actions you can follow without
guessing. If you're serious about
scaling with SEO and AI, this is where
you start. Hit the link in the
description and join the SEO elite
circle today. And one more thing, if
you're building all this AI content and
these automations, but nobody is finding
you online, you've got a traffic
problem. That's where SEO comes in. If
you want more leads, more traffic, and
more customers finding you, my team can
help you rank higher on Google, check
the link in the comments and description
to order AI SEO online and let us handle
your back links while you focus on
growing your business. Okay, back to the
good stuff. Let me show you what this
actually looks like in practice. Inside
OpenClaw, you can set up the memory
system with a simple config. You set the
provider to Gemini, the model to Gemini
embedding 2 preview, and the output
dimensionality to 372TU. That's it. Now
your agent searches its memory using
Gemini embeddings. Every conversation,
every document, every image searchable
by meaning. Let me give you some real
use cases. Number one, AI research
assistant. Say you're running the AI
profit boardroom and you need to stay on
top of every new AI tool, every update,
every trend. Your agent reads PDFs,
watches videos, scans blog posts. Then
when a member asks a question, the agent
pulls the right answer from everything
it's learned. Instant, accurate, no
digging through files. Number two,
autonomous coding agents. If your team
builds AI automations, the agent
remembers past bugs, fixes, and
documentation. So, next time a similar
problem comes up, he already knows the
answer. Faster builds, fewer mistakes.
Number three, business automation.
Imagine an agent that stores every
customer chat, every voice recording,
every document for the AI profit
boardroom. A new lead comes in and asks
a question. The agent searches all that
history and gives a perfect answer.
That's next level customer support
without hiring more people. Number four,
personal AI memory. Your agent remembers
your notes, your images, your tasks,
your recordings. It becomes your second
brain. You ask it anything and it finds
the answer from your own life. Now,
here's the big picture. Most AI systems
only understand text. Gemini Embedding 2
understands everything. Text plus images
plus audio plus video plus documents all
flow into one unified knowledge system.
That's not just an upgrade. That's a
whole new category of AI. Um, and OpenC
Claw makes it easy to build on top of
this. You don't need to be a developer.
The configs are simple, the community is
huge, and the tools keep getting better
every week. So, what does this mean for
the future? I think we're looking at
personal AI operating systems, agents
that run your whole workflow, research,
communication, content, support, all
handled by AI that actually remembers
what happened yesterday and last week
and last month. This is not science
fiction. This is happening right now.
OpenClaw Plus Gemini embedding 2 is the
start of true AI memory systems and we
are just getting started. And one more
thing, if you're building all this AI
content and these automations, but
nobody is finding you online, you've got
a traffic problem. That's where SEO
comes in. If you want more leads, more
traffic, and more customers finding you,
my team can help you rank higher on
Google. Check the link in the comments
and description to order AI SEO online
and let us handle your back links while
you focus on growing your business. And
if you want to rank number one and get
more customers, join the SEO elite
circle. That's where we actually teach
you how this works. No theory, no
recycled tips, just the exact AI SEO
systems we're using right now. We break
everything down step by step with real
workflows, weekly live support, and
clear actions you can follow without
guessing. If you're serious about
scaling with SEO and AI, this is where
you start. Hit the link in the
description and join the SEO elite
circle today. All right, thanks for
watching and if you get value from this
and you want more updates like this, hit
the like and subscribe button and I'll
see you in the next